censored 0.1.0 (#591)
tidyverse/tidyverse.org: content/blog/censored-0-1-0/index.Rmd

```{r setup}
library(censored)
```

## Model types, modes, and engines

A parsnip model specification consists of three elements:

-   a **model type** such as linear model, random forest, support vector machine, etc
-   a computational **engine** such as a specific R package or tools outside of R like Keras or Stan
-   a **mode** such as regression or classification

parsnip 1.0.0 introduces a new mode `"censored regression"` and the censored package provides engines to fit various models in this new mode. With the addition of the new `proportional_hazards()` model type, the available models cover parametric, semi-parametric, and tree-based models:

| model                    | engine   |
|:-------------------------|:---------|
| `bag_tree()`             | rpart    |
| `boost_tree()`           | mboost   |
| `decision_tree()`        | rpart    |
| `decision_tree()`        | partykit |
| `proportional_hazards()` | survival |
| `proportional_hazards()` | glmnet   |
| `rand_forest()`          | partykit |
| `survival_reg()`         | survival |
| `survival_reg()`         | flexsurv |

> All models can be fitted through a formula interface. Stratification can be specified through adding a `strata()` term to the formula, as in the survival package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All models can be fitted through a formula interface. For example, when the engine allows for stratification variables, these can be specified by using a `strata()` term to the formula, as in the survival package.
```
